Rename "Stem Export" to "Audio Export" to match industry naming conventions. (#3044)
SynthstromAudible/DelugeFirmware: docs/features/audio_export.md

Within the `EXPORTS` folder, a folder with the `SONG NAME` is created if it does not already exist when exporting. Unsaved songs are saved with the song name `UNSAVED`. Thus, you will have a new folder named `SAMPLES/EXPORTS/SONG NAME/`.

Within the `SONG NAME` folder, a folder for the type of export (e.g. `CLIPS` or `TRACKS`) is created for each export job which contains all the WAV file recordings.

If the same SONG and EXPORT TYPE is exported more than once, a 2 digit number incremental number is appended to that export type's folder name (e.g. TRACKS## or CLIPS##).

## File Names

Exported files are given a meaningful name in the following format:

`ClipType_ExportType_PresetName_FileNumber.WAV`

> For example:
>
> SYNTH_CLIP_PRESETNAME_000.WAV
> SYNTH_TRACK_PRESETNAME_000.WAV
> ARRANGEMENT.WAV

## Shortcuts to Start/Stop Exporting

### Start Export

- Hold `SAVE` + Press `RECORD` while Playback and Record are disabled to launch the export process
- When the export is finished, a dialog will appear on the display that tells you that the export process has finished. Press `SELECT`, `BACK` or any `PAD` on the grid to exit the dialog.

> - Note 1: Tracks are exported without Master (Song) FX applied

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Note 1: Master (Song) FX are excluded from the export by default (but can be included - see below)
```

## Recording Parameters

### Recording Length
- In terms of the length of each rendered audio file:
  - In Arranger, a track is played until the end of the arrangement's length is reached.
  - In Song, a clip is played until the end of the longest note row with notes in it is reached.
  - If `EXPORT TO SILENCE` is enabled, tails will be allowed to ring out and recording will continue past the track or clip length until silence is reached (see below).

### Silence
- By default, files are rendered until silence is reached (mutable noise floor, ~70dB from peak) to allow for sound tails (e.g. delay, reverb) to be captured
  - This can be turned off in the export configuration menu located at: `SONG\EXPORT AUDIO\CONFIGURE EXPORT\EXPORT TO SILENCE`
- If silence is not reached within 60 seconds of playback stopping, then the recording will stop automatically as a safety precaution.

### Normalization
- By default, normalization is off. Normalization sets the peak of the renders to be at 0dB (as loud as possible without distorting).
  - Normalization can be turned on in the export configuration menu located at: `SONG\EXPORT AUDIO\CONFIGURE EXPORT\NORMALIZATION`

### Song FX

> - By default, song FX are excluded. They can be included in the export configuration menu located at: `SONG\EXPORT AUDIO\CONFIGURE EXPORT\SONG FX`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By default, song FX are excluded (these are the master FX in Song and Arranger Views when Affect Entire is enabled). They can be included in the export configuration menu located at: `SONG\EXPORT AUDIO\CONFIGURE EXPORT\SONG FX`
```
